So, inside of our tweets reducer here,
so "reducers/tweets.js" Let's import the toggle tweet action type and then,
now we want to add a new case here to our reducer.
So, if the case is toggle tweet,
how do we want to change the shape of the tweet slice of our state?
So, if you remember,
let's go ahead and look at the final version here,
each tweet has these specific properties on it.
The way that we're keeping track of who liked what is with this likes array right here.
So, if the user is liking a tweet for the first time,
we want to take their id and put it in this likes array.
If they are unlocking a tweet,
then we want to remove their username from this likes array.
So, the way that we can do that, is first,
we want to spread all of the previous tweets on the state.
Because remember, we don't want to mutate this state directly.
So, what we'll say is return a brand new object,
spread all of the previous tweets on that object,
but what we want to do is the tweet with the
id of whatever we're passing into action id that needs to be a new object,
and then we want to take all of the properties of that object,
and spread them across onto this new object.
But, what we want to do is list likes array,
we want to either remove
the username or add the username based on if they have already liked it.
So, what we can do is we can say,
if action.has liked equals true,
meaning they have already liked it,
then we want to come in here and use filter,
so say, state at action.id.Iikes.filter.
Now, we want to say where the uid does not equal action.authedUser.
So, this will filter out
the specific authenticated user if they have already like the tweet.
If they haven't, what we want to do is the exact same thing,
instead of using.filter, we want to use ".concat" to
add the username of the authenticated user to the likes array.